# Data Collector

This repository contains a simple KTor server used to process HTTP requests generated by Kord Extensions bots with
data collection enabled.

It provides a simple API allowing for submission of bot-specific data (under each data collection mode), and the 
self-service removal of said data via HTTP request.

# Data Collection Modes

Kord Extensions supports the following data collection modes.

## None

This mode disables data collection, and Kord Extensions won't collect any data.

## Minimal

This mode collects the following data:

- The submission date.
- Whether the bot was running in development mode.
- The version of Kord and Kord Extensions in use.
- A list of first-party modules the bot is using.

## Standard

This mode collects the data specified in the Minimal mode, plus:

- The Discord ID and name belonging to the Discord bot.
- The number of loaded extensions and plugins.
- The number of visible guilds.
- A list of enabled intents.

This is the default data collection mode.

## Extra

This mode collects the data specified in the Standard mode, plus:

- Average event delay and throughput.
- Environmental data:
  - Available RAM.
  - CPU count and GHz, and thread count.
  - Current JVM and Kotlin versions.
- A list of event types with configured event handlers.
- The names of loaded extensions and plugins.
- The ID and name of the bot's owning Discord team, if one exists.
  - If the bot belongs to a single user, Kord Extensions will not collect this data.
